Fixes platform services (#1611)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/2023-12-06_changing-data-in-the-access-mapping-section.md

---
date: 2023-12-06T15:49:04.056Z

> title: Changing data in the access mapping section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed issue with Save button in Access mapping section
```
